Fix outdated experimental flags in v3.7 config docs (#1037)
etcd-io/website: content/en/docs/v3.7/op-guide/configuration.md

  Time (in milliseconds) for a read to timeout.
```
### Features

```nocode
--corrupt-check-time '0s'
  Duration of time between cluster corruption check passes.
--compact-hash-check-time '1m'
  Duration of time between leader checks followers compaction hashes.
--compaction-batch-limit 1000
  Maximum revisions deleted in each compaction batch during compaction.
--peer-skip-client-san-verification 'false'
  Skip verification of the SAN field in client certificate for peer connections.
--watch-progress-notify-interval '10m'
  Duration of periodical watch progress notification.
--warning-unary-request-duration '300ms'
  Set the threshold after which a unary request triggers a warning.
--warning-apply-duration '100ms'
  Warning is generated if request processing exceeds this duration.
--bootstrap-defrag-threshold-megabytes
  Enable defragmentation during server bootstrap if the freed disk space exceeds the given threshold.
--snapshot-catchup-entries
  Number of entries for a slow follower to catch up after raft log compaction.
--compaction-sleep-interval
  Sleep interval between each compaction batch.
--downgrade-check-time
  Duration of time between downgrade status checks.

> ```

Reviewer: thanks @aman4433 , actually the `experimental-snapshot-catchup-entries` flag has been migrated to `snapshot-catchup-entries` here: https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/19352. I missed it before. Thanks for update it as well.

--max-learners '1'
  Set the max number of learner members allowed in the cluster membership.
--compaction-sleep-interval
  Sets the sleep interval between each compaction batch.
--downgrade-check-time
  Duration of time between two downgrade status checks.
--snapshot-catchup-entries
  Number of entries for a slow follower to catch up after compacting the raft storage entries.
```

### Feature Gates

```nocode
--feature-gates=AllAlpha=true|false
  Enables or disables all alpha features. Default is false.
--feature-gates=AllBeta=true|false
  Enables or disables all beta features. Default is false.
--feature-gates=CompactHashCheck=true
  Enables leader to periodically check follower compaction hashes.
  Replaces: --experimental-compact-hash-check-enabled
--feature-gates=InitialCorruptCheck=true
  Enables corruption check before serving client/peer traffic.
  Replaces: --experimental-initial-corrupt-check
--feature-gates=LeaseCheckpoint=true
  Persists lease remaining TTL to avoid indefinite auto-renewal.
  Replaces: --experimental-enable-lease-checkpoint
--feature-gates=LeaseCheckpointPersist=true

>   Persists lease TTLs for compatibility with clusters upgraded from v3.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enable persisting remainingTTL to prevent indefinite auto-renewal of long lived leases. Always enabled in v3.6. Should be used to ensure smooth upgrade from v3.5 clusters with this feature enabled.
```

  Replaces: --experimental-enable-lease-checkpoint-persist
--feature-gates=SetMemberLocalAddr=true
  Allows setting a member’s local address.
--feature-gates=StopGRPCServiceOnDefrag=true

>   Stops gRPC service during defragmentation to improve performance and safety.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enable etcd gRPC service to stop serving client requests on defragmentation.
```
